Are you blind?
Song Tiantian is a liar
He said he was a gold producer.
Why prove it?
Ye Haochen, don't take you blind, look at me
My ability I understand is your wisdom
It's useless to talk too much
Since there is such a dispute
Then let's take the dawn
The best music works
What do you mean?
Chenxi used to be dedicated to Qi
Tree Media did a song
We play separately
It's your decision.
Push in
It's over, this must be a master's work
Look at the entire entertainment industry and music industry
Only the dawn can make it
I feel ashamed
You praise him so much
Do you want to prove that the Shen family still has room to fight back?
Miss Gu
This is indeed God
I can't lie out of conscience, can I?
Let me down
Dawn
Must be dawn
If not, it must be the odd number one personality in the future
I am your subordinate Vientiane
How could Lihan Prefecture cooperate so much?
So the Shen family still has room for backhand
Then Miss Gu, he and I are just an alien illegitimate
But Han also stole it from his uncle for his cousin
I absolutely can't put this money in
I only gamble with Shen Yanzhen and Gu Jinxi
Gu Jinxi, do you dare?
I'll bet you.
Your chips
Don't tell me you have a penny all over you
I'll take it then.
10% of Yuncheng Story Branch is your responsibility
How did it go?
Equity in your story
Are you confused?
The whole story is mine
Let alone a branch office
That bone
What's the matter? Don't be afraid.